Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

    Firstly, I ought to say that I didn't end up talking to my classmates about the assignment or going to the TA hours. I am aware that those were both part of the requirements for the assignment. If I'm being honest, trying to do either of those things was causing me extreme anxiety. I know that avoiding peer interactions out of anxiety is not a good thing, nor is it a sustainable state. This is something I am personally working on and receiving help with. However, the fact remains that I got to a point where I felt it would be better to submit the assignment incomplete than to have it hanging over my head for however long it took to get myself sorted out. I also wish to make it clear that this is not me asking for an exception. I simply wanted to provide an explanation.

    My initial impression of Java is that it's much more difficult to work with than Python. I kept forgetting to add "this" to many of my statements while I worked, and I had to look up a lot of references online on how to use certain classes (String, ArrayList, Scanner). I also kept forgetting to add the variable type when I was making new variables. I do think, based on my experiences with Python and Java, that programming seems to be about looking for patterns, about finding the logical order of things, and about compartmentalizing where you can. It's all very methodical (no pun intended) and decently straightforward once you understand the syntactic details of the language you're working with.

    In this assignment, I particularly struggled with the word replacement. I couldn't find a way to make it replace both first-person nouns/verbs and second-person nouns/verbs in the same sentence. Either my code would only catch one or the other, or it would catch both, but the first set of swaps would be overridden by the second set (i.e. If I changed "I" to "you", it would then be changed back to "I".) However, I did get the loop to run cleanly, and I got much more comfortable working with array lists. To someone taking this course in the future, I would say get started on this assignment early -- the sooner the better -- and make sure you're familiar with the ins and outs of each class you're using.
